smart bro chef de cuisine over Labuan
Las Vegas today we're going to be suit
beating our chicken Dominick this is the
first cooking process in the chicken
Dominick
I'm right here the cryovac machine
basically what it does is put anything
in a bag and it'll immediately change
the atmospheric pressure in the bag and
forces whatever you're cooking in of
course the marinade the force itself
into whatever meat you're cooking
basically this doesn't yield itself to
cooking and locking in moisture and
freshness and well as you cook for
longer periods of time
so basically pursue beating what are
your necessary and greet components this
bag right here it's a tempered plastic
that's pretty much heat resistant up to
about 212 degrees so we'll do is start
off season our chicken for the Domenic
to have a free-range chicken seal it
with salt a little bit of pepper take
some fresh lemon slices put it over the
top a couple cloves roasted garlic
Simon with fresh rosemary and fresh
oregano he used to have everything flat
in the back
last minute our liquids little fresh
extra-virgin olive oil
a little bit of fresh lemon juice want
to be careful liquids that you put in
here because the pressure will force all
the liquid into your meat so it actually
you need a lot less marinating a lot
less liquid and too much acid will
actually cure the chicken so you want to
put very little lemon juice in here
basically pull it the bag you can watch
what it's doing it's forcing air into
the bag and raising atmospheric pressure
so it'll actually look like it's boiling
but it's cold that's all the air
escaping from whatever liquid is inside
the bag and once it's to the correct
pressure what it'll do is of course all
the liquid and marinade into the meat of
the chicken so it's like a flash
marinade I really lock in that rosemary
essence and oregano lemon juice this
will seal the bag off so now our
sous-vide chicken dominant locked in
ready to go on our immersion circulator
so what we have here is our immersion
circulator what this does is allows you
to cook in a liquid and keep within an
accurate temperature than a tenth of a
degree in this case we're circulating a
water bath and so what we'll do is we
have it sets 140 degrees we'll do is
we'll place our sous-vide chicken into
the water bath and they'll remain that
for about 40 minutes what that will do
is little part cook the chicken about
3/4 of the way allowing it we picked up
faster very service and what this will
do this this water bath as well as low
temperature or low locking those flavors
in the marinade in the bank